README.md, before:

# Vinted-Notifications

A real-time notification system for Vinted listings that works across all Vinted country domains. Get instant alerts
when items matching your search criteria are posted.

![Vinted-Notifications](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2788511-5a8a-4a8d-8198-a4135081a3d8)

## 📋 Features

- **Web UI**: Manage everything through an intuitive web interface
- **Multi-Country Support**: Works on all Vinted domains regardless of country
- **Real-Time Notifications**: Get instant alerts for new listings
- **Multiple Search Queries**: Monitor multiple search terms simultaneously
- **Country Filtering**: Filter items by seller's country of origin
- **RSS Feed**: Subscribe to your search results with any RSS reader
- **Telegram Integration**: Receive notifications directly in Telegram

## 📦 Installation

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11 or higher
- Telegram bot token (for Telegram notifications)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository or download the latest release**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Fuyucch1/Vinted-Notifications.git
   cd Vinted-Notifications
   ```

   Alternatively, download the [latest release](https://github.com/Fuyucch1/Vinted-Notifications/releases/latest) and
   extract it.

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Initial Configuration**

   The application can be configured through the Web UI after starting. However, you can also change the Web UI port in
   the
   `configuration_values.py` file directly.

4. **Run the application**

   ```bash
   python vinted_notifications.py
   ```

   Once started, access the Web UI at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to complete the setup.

## 🚀 Usage

### Web UI

The Web UI is the easiest way to manage the application. Access it at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)
after starting the application.

Features available in the Web UI:

- **Dashboard**: Overview of application status and recent items
- **Queries Management**: Add, remove, and view search queries
- **Items Viewing**: Browse and filter items found by the application
- **Allowlist Management**: Filter items by seller's country
- **Configuration**: Set up Telegram bot, RSS feed, and other settings
- **Logs**: View application logs directly from the web interface

### Telegram Commands

After configuring your Telegram bot in the Web UI, you can use the following commands:

- `/add_query query` - Add a search query to monitor
- `/remove_query query_number` - Remove a specific query
- `/remove_query all` - Remove all queries
- `/queries` - List all active queries
- `/hello` - Check if the bot is working
- `/create_allowlist` - Create a country allowlist (will slow down processing)
- `/delete_allowlist` - Delete the country allowlist
- `/add_country XX` - Add a country to the allowlist (ISO3166 format)
- `/remove_country XX` - Remove a country from the allowlist
- `/allowlist` - View the current allowlist

### Query Examples

Queries must be added with a whole link. It works with filters.:

   ```
   /add_query https://www.vinted.fr/catalog?search_text=nike%20shoes&price_to=50&currency=EUR&brand_id[]=53
   ```

### RSS Feed

The RSS feed provides an alternative way to receive notifications. After enabling it in the Web UI, access it
at [http://localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001).

## ⚙️ Advanced Configuration

### Proxy Support

The application supports using proxies to avoid rate limits. Those are configured in the configuration tab of the Web
UI.

### Custom Notification Format

You can customize the notification message format:

```python
# In configuration_values.py
MESSAGE = '''\
🆕 Title: {title}
💶 Price: {price}
🛍️ Brand: {brand}
<a href='{image}'>&#8205;</a>
'''
```

## 🔄 Updating

1. Download the latest [release](https://github.com/Fuyucch1/Vinted-Notifications/releases/latest)
2. Back up your `vinted_notifications.db` file
3. Replace all files with the new ones
4. Restart the application

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE](LICENSE).

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

- Thanks to [@herissondev](https://github.com/herissondev) for maintaining pyVinted, a core dependency of this project.

Commit message:

Bind web UI to configurable port

README.md, after:

# Vinted-Notifications

A real-time notification system for Vinted listings that works across all Vinted country domains. Get instant alerts
when items matching your search criteria are posted.

![Vinted-Notifications](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2788511-5a8a-4a8d-8198-a4135081a3d8)

## 📋 Features

- **Web UI**: Manage everything through an intuitive web interface
- **Multi-Country Support**: Works on all Vinted domains regardless of country
- **Real-Time Notifications**: Get instant alerts for new listings
- **Multiple Search Queries**: Monitor multiple search terms simultaneously
- **Country Filtering**: Filter items by seller's country of origin
- **RSS Feed**: Subscribe to your search results with any RSS reader
- **Telegram Integration**: Receive notifications directly in Telegram

## 📦 Installation

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11 or higher
- Telegram bot token (for Telegram notifications)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository or download the latest release**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Fuyucch1/Vinted-Notifications.git
   cd Vinted-Notifications
   ```

   Alternatively, download the [latest release](https://github.com/Fuyucch1/Vinted-Notifications/releases/latest) and
   extract it.

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Initial Configuration**

   The application can be configured through the Web UI after starting. The Web UI binds to the port specified by the
   `PORT` environment variable (default `8000`, configurable in `configuration_values.py`).

4. **Run the application**

   ```bash
   python vinted_notifications.py
   ```

   Once started, access the Web UI at `http://localhost:<PORT>` to complete the setup, where `<PORT>` is the value of
   the `PORT` environment variable or `8000` if not set.

## 🚀 Usage

### Web UI

The Web UI is the easiest way to manage the application. Access it at `http://localhost:<PORT>` after starting the
application (`<PORT>` defaults to `8000` if the `PORT` environment variable is not defined).

Features available in the Web UI:

- **Dashboard**: Overview of application status and recent items
- **Queries Management**: Add, remove, and view search queries
- **Items Viewing**: Browse and filter items found by the application
- **Allowlist Management**: Filter items by seller's country
- **Configuration**: Set up Telegram bot, RSS feed, and other settings
- **Logs**: View application logs directly from the web interface

### Telegram Commands

After configuring your Telegram bot in the Web UI, you can use the following commands:

- `/add_query query` - Add a search query to monitor
- `/remove_query query_number` - Remove a specific query
- `/remove_query all` - Remove all queries
- `/queries` - List all active queries
- `/hello` - Check if the bot is working
- `/create_allowlist` - Create a country allowlist (will slow down processing)
- `/delete_allowlist` - Delete the country allowlist
- `/add_country XX` - Add a country to the allowlist (ISO3166 format)
- `/remove_country XX` - Remove a country from the allowlist
- `/allowlist` - View the current allowlist

### Query Examples

Queries must be added with a whole link. It works with filters.:

   ```
   /add_query https://www.vinted.fr/catalog?search_text=nike%20shoes&price_to=50&currency=EUR&brand_id[]=53
   ```

### RSS Feed

The RSS feed provides an alternative way to receive notifications. After enabling it in the Web UI, access it
at [http://localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001).

## ⚙️ Advanced Configuration

### Proxy Support

The application supports using proxies to avoid rate limits. Those are configured in the configuration tab of the Web
UI.

### Custom Notification Format

You can customize the notification message format:

```python
# In configuration_values.py
MESSAGE = '''\
🆕 Title: {title}
💶 Price: {price}
🛍️ Brand: {brand}
<a href='{image}'>&#8205;</a>
'''
```

## 🔄 Updating

1. Download the latest [release](https://github.com/Fuyucch1/Vinted-Notifications/releases/latest)
2. Back up your `vinted_notifications.db` file
3. Replace all files with the new ones
4. Restart the application

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE](LICENSE).

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

- Thanks to [@herissondev](https://github.com/herissondev) for maintaining pyVinted, a core dependency of this project.
